# TA Meeting Agenda - Group 6C

### Week: 6
### Chair: Radu
### Notetaker: Alexandru
### Main focus: Progress update
### Duration: 30 min

## **Opening** [2 min]
- Check in, how is everyone doing

## **Main topics**
## 1. Individual progress [8 min]
- Everyone should talk about what they have done during this sprint
## 2. Feedback for our progress [15 min]
- Were the issues assinged for the sprints enough?
- Does the TA belive that we are on track?
- Does the TA suggest any improvements for following sprints?
- Advice on testing
## 3. Planning  [3 min]
- Decide on next meeting

## **Closure and Summary** [2 min]
- Go through the established arrangements one more time
- Decide on scheduling next meeting
- Is there anything else we should be aware of?

## **Notes** 
- the secrets of the client should not be in code
- add more comments "This page is responsible for..."
- add files for CSS(may be code duplication- if we can argue it is ok to have them like that)
- we should concentrate on the must haves and then clean the code a little bit
- ask the clients if the languages are important - add files with words in english and they can extend
- if we change requirements mention this in the report
- the presentation was good - would not recommend recap after each section because they are short
- the structure went really well, we must also include arhitecture
- the process part does not have to be longer, it is enough what we have already
- demo in a bit more structured way
- focus more on the product after we explain the process
- it is ok to move the issues to next sprint - all issues have to be closed
- our need meeting half past twelve
- for the process everything is fine - for the process we will receive excellent for everything - "it is a plasure to lok at it"
- Robert can also attend the TA meeting online
- For the final thing we have to look at the rubric because that is why our coach is looking for
- It would be nice to include some design patterns 
- Read the doccumentation on vue, why are we using it
- In the rubric there is a lot of Code Quality... we are expected to have some arhitecture



# Meeting Notes

