# Meeting Agenda - Group 6C

### Chair: Elena
### Notetaker: Vian
### Week: 3

## **Opening**
- Check in, how is everyone doing
- Discuss the plan for the next week

## **Main topics**
## 1. Protoype Figma
- How is the protoype that we designed? What changes need to be made?

## 2. Update Requirements
- We should move around the requirements to have an qeual distribution

## **Closure and Summary**
- Decide on scheduling next meeting

# Meeting Notes
- merge overview and settings into a round logo style
- remove subcategories and put them in the categories, have it so when you click on a category you see everything
- dispay subcategories as a list
- also remove edit and delete button for categories
- Tables could be a grid because they aren't many
- Items and categories are ok with being a card
- Put currency as a global thing in the setting
- Make "add item" a new page and dont forget about choices and options
- Allergents: select from a list and display them as a comma separated text
- Directly display the analytics on the home page
- Remove the edit and delete from the restaurant component (elena's design)
- Make the side bar a hamburger menu for mobile
- AWS Amplify for token retreival
- Can move analytics to a should
- Use Pinia for global storage
- Tailwind?
- Use beforeMount and onMount
- Deployment: Should be built into a docker image (front and back)
- Next meeting I think its at the same place, same time








