# TA Meeting Agenda - Group 6C

### Week: 3
### Chair: Alex
### Notetaker: Vian
### Main focus: Design propotype and sprint planning

## **Opening**
- Check in, how is everyone doing
- Understand what documents are expected

## **Main topics**
## 1. Design prototype
- Does the TA like the prototype that we have made?
- Are there any suggestion for this design?
## 2. Sprint planning
- Is it ok to have a mini sprint until this Thursday so we can discuss the sprint with the client?( suggested by the coach)
## 3. Previous work
- Does the TA suggest any improvements for pipelines/issues(previous work)?
## 4. Planning
- What time would the TA prefer for the midterm presentation?
- Is it possible to receive available timeslots for endterm presentation?


## **Closure and Summary**
- Go through the established arrangements one more time
- Decide on scheduling next meeting
- Is there anything else we should be aware of?
- Is there any room for improvement for the process? In which way can we improve?
# Meeting Notes

## 1. Design prototype
- AB testing : let client play with the 2 designs and mention it in the report
- Reason about colour-blindness for the report
## 2. Sprint planning
- It is okay
- Start with basics and continue by planning with the client
## 3. Previous work
- It's okay right now
- Could add later integration tests, jacoco report, not mandatory
## 4. Planning
- TA can do the midterm presentation after 4PM


## Extra information
- Have the mobile enviorement moved to a could
- Need to make must/should requirements equal
- Move back analytics to should, backend is not required to be a must
- Add comments for MRs
- The requirements should be really specific
- Talk to the clients about the requirements and the backend
- Next meeting will be on Monday at 12:15


