# TA Meeting Agenda - Group 6C

### Week: 2
### Chair: Vian
### Notetaker: Radu
### Main focus: Project plan

## **Opening**
- Check in, how is everyone doing

## **Main topics**

## 1. Code of Conduct
- We finished it, could you take a look at it before we send it?

## 2. Project plan
- Any more feedback for the updated version of the project plan?

## 3. Future documents
- What's next in terms of deliverables?

## **Closure and Summary**
- Decide on scheduling next meeting
- The next meeting will happen on Monday 08.05.2023 at 15:00

# Meeting Notes

-Ask coach for availability for the midterm meeting
-Before starting coding the GitLab must be prepared (pipeline, checkstyle)
-Transfer the requirements to GitLab as issues
-Remind the coach that he needs to provide feedback on project plan
-More information about the next assignment will be given during the technical writing lesson
-We need to integrate the knowledge obtained from SAM and OOPP courses
-For an excellent grade we need to incorporate knowledge that comes outside of the TU Delft courses
-Every feature needs to be rigorous documented
-All the must haves must be made
-Optimization is taken into consideration (ex. should be as fast as possible)
-Focus more on research abut frameworks
-Deployment and live demo are highly desired

## Code of Conduct
-Code of conduct is well made
## Project plan
- More feedback will be given after the Thursday deadline, but at the moment it seems adequate
## Future documents
- Table of content
- Introduction (Individual) 
## Extra information




